[theme tune intro playing]
[digital sputtering and beeping]
-[upbeat synthesizers come in]
-[whooshing]
♪ Here we are ♪
♪ Going far
To save all that we love ♪
♪ If we give all we've got
We will make it through ♪
♪ Here we are, like a star
Shining bright on your world ♪
♪ Today, make evil go away ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, we'll reset it all ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, be there when you call ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, we will stand real tall ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, stronger after all ♪
[digital typing, beeping]
[tense music]
[electricity]
[Ulrich grunts]
[grunts]
I've got a bad feeling about this.
-Are you almost done, Aelita?
-Yes. Almost.
[Manta screeching]
[Ulrich grunts]
Whoa!
[Ulrich exclaims]
[Jeremy] Watch out! Another squadron
of Mantas is headed your way!
Done! The controls are all yours, Jeremy!
Great! Here come your vehicles!
[digital beeping]
[Jeremy] Okay, guys, the passage is open.
Ah!
[grunts]
[sighs]
[exhales]
[theme music]
[Aelita] So? Anything good?
-No. I wouldn't call it good.
-Huh?
-More like amazing!
-[laughs]
With this, I bet I can crack the code
of Franz Hopper's diary!
Way cool!
The only problem is
I'm gonna need a supercomputer
to process such a large amount of data.
I'll have to activate a tower or two!
Uh, that didn't go very well last time.
XANA hates it when we play with his toys!
I know, but we don't have a choice!
Right, can we go eat now?
It's mashed potatoes today!
You can have mine! I'd better stay here
to prepare the mission.
That way, you can
set off right after lunch.
[indistinct chattering]
Um… Jeremy's not coming. He said
I could have his portion too, Rosa.
Hmm.
-Yeah!
-[Rosa] With everything you put away,
I just don't understand how you
can still be so scrawny!
I'm not scrawny. I'm svelte!
So, come on, Ulrich,
stop holding out on us!
What's your overall average?
Seventy three for the term.
Well, me, I got seventy five!
I beat you!
Only because you made up
some points in art class.
What about you, Aelita?
What's your grade point average?
Ninety five point two.
[both gasps]
Um, but it's only because of math.
Yes, but still. You must have gotten
good grades in all your classes!
That's great, especially
since you're not really…
Uh…
Uh, I mean…
Don't worry. I know very well
I'm not really human.
Still, sometimes I get
a strange feeling as if…
As if I'd already lived here! Weird, huh?
Oh, that's just the magical "Odd" effect!
You know, you see me once,
and you feel you've known me forever!
Hey, Magic "Odd Effect"!
You know you've got
some mashed potatoes right on your face!
-[Odd gasps]
-[Aelita laughs]
[phone vibrates]
[phone vibrating]
[Odd] No way!
Something wrong?
Not really. Some girl wants me
to meet her in the woods!
You're kidding! Who?
The number's masked.
No doubt about it!
It's another girl who's too shy
to admit she's crazy about me!
You know, Odd, your love life is
like something out of a soap opera!
Oh, yeah, and yours is real simple, huh?
[Aelita laughs]
[sighs]
An activated tower. Oh, boy!
That's all I needed!
[phone ringing]
[Ulrich] Yeah, Jeremy? Huh?
Okay, we're on our way. Activated tower!
You call Yumi. I'll tell Odd.
[tense music]
Uh, are you there?
It's me. Odd!
[phone vibrates]
What do you mean, "SOS XANA"?
No way, not now!
Huh?
Hmm.
[leaves rustle]
Oh, who's there?
No! No!
No!
[Odd screaming] No!
[theme music]
[gasps]
Where's Odd?
I sent him a text message,
but he was supposed
to be meeting some sort of mystery girl.
A girl? What girl?
Mystery girls don't leave their names.
Hmm.
[Jeremy] I hope he won't be much longer!
Not only do we have
to decode Franz Hopper's notes,
but now we have
to deactivate a tower as well!
Okay, let's go!
[phone dialing]
Come on, Odd! Pick up!
[phone ringing]
He's not answering. Forget him for now.
He'll meet you later!
Transfer Ulrich!
Transfer Aelita!
Transfer Yumi!
Scanner Ulrich!
Scanner Yumi!
Scanner Aelita!
Virtualization!
[all grunt]
[Odd] Here I am, Jeremy!
Hmm. Not a moment too soon!
I've been trying to call you!
I was busy.
Huh? Well, get ready!
I'll launch the process!
[groans]
Transfer Odd!
Scanner Odd!
Virtualization!
[beeping]
What?
[gasps]
What's going on here?
[grunts]
-[Jeremy] Odd?
-Everything's okay. I'm on Lyoko!
There was a bug during the transfer.
Oh, no way!
Huh? The tower has deactivated itself!
Are you sure?
Yeah. The superscan shows "all clear"!
As if XANA had called off his attack!
Well that's one less thing
for us to worry about, right?
Right, Odd?
Right.
Hmm.
What's up with him?
Is he sulking or something?
Maybe his rendezvous didn't go well.
Here are your rides. Please remember
that we have a diary to decode.
I've chosen the tower at 72 degrees
South and 55 degrees West!
There it is!
[ethereal music]
As soon as I activate the tower,
start the decoding process!
I'm ready Jeremy.
Okay. I'm activating the tower…
Now!
Yeah! It's working!
The decoding of the data is underway,
Jeremy, but it might take some time.
No problem!
Whenever XANA's leaves us in peace,
everything's cool.
[theme music]
Uh-oh.
I spoke too soon!
Watch out! XANA's creatures
heading your way!
Where from? We can't see anything!
Huh?
[Yumi] There!
Wow! XANA's pulled out the big guns!
[yells]
Uh! Hey!
Huh?
[Yumi groans]
Jeremy! XANA's taken over Odd!
-What?
-[Aelita gasps]
Yes. I'm sure of it!
[sighs]
[grunts and thumps fists]
[menacing music]
[gasps]
[straining]
[Odd grunts and exclaims]
[Ulrich] I don't know how XANA did it!
Hmm.
[Jeremy] I do. It's not the real Odd!
What?
It's one of XANA's creatures!
A polymorphing spectre!
But where's the real Odd, then?
[splashing]
[straining]
[exclaims]
[yelling]
Hey! Is anybody there?
Yoohoo!
Help!
[Tarantulas whine]
[Tarantulas howl]
Talk about a tailgater! Worse than Sissi!
[Jeremy] Ulrich, it's a trap! He's trying
to lead you away from the tower.
But why?
Jeremy! What's going on?
Is there a problem?
Oh, man!
XANA's trying
to gain control of the tower.
Abort the mission! Stop decoding
and come back to Earth!
Okay.
[theme music]
Yumi? Where are you?
In the woods. but it's like trying
to find a needle in a haystack!
Wait! While I was
hacking into the network,
I managed to locate the emergency
telephone closest to Odd's phone!
[Yumi] You can do that?
Of course I can!
If Odd still has his cell on him,
then he's in the North-East
corner of the woods!
That's near the Hermitage. I'm off!
[hangs up phone]
Jeremy, we've got a problem!
I can't stop the decoding program!
It's taking up too many resources.
It's out of my control now!
Bad news! If XANA manages
to get control of the tower now,
he'll be able to get into the restricted
access part of the Supercomputer.
I could lose all the data
in Franz Hopper's diary!
[Aelita] Not to mention everything
you've programmed in yourself.
Our combat gear, the vehicles,
the transfer codes,
and my materialization program!
This is a nightmare.
Ulrich!
XANA is about to take control
of the tower! You have to stop it!
[Ulrich exclaiming]
Uh, right. Okay. But how?
You have to isolate the tower!
Try and cut the cables! Hurry!
[Ulrich yells]
[yells]
[Tarantula moans]
Oh!
You're wasting your time, XANA!
Odd has never beaten me yet!
Uh, yeah. Well, okay.
That changes things!
[both exclaiming]
[menacing music]
Help!
Uh.
[phone ringing]
Huh?
Hmm.
Odd?
[yelling]
Odd!
[Tarantulas growling]
XANA's is going to do it, Aelita!
Is there anything new?
[groans]
There's no way to stop the process!
Everything's buggy!
[both straining]
[Ulrich yells]
[both exclaiming]
[yells]
Help!
[Ulrich grunts]
Hey! You're not so bad there, XANA!
Whoa!
[laughs]
Full of surprises, huh?
-[Ulrich grunts]
-[XANA yells]
[gasps]
[yells]
Hey, no fair!
It figures. At least
I don't have to climb anymore.
[straining]
Well, I guess you can say that I'm really
up to my neck in trouble this time!
[panting]
Hmm?
XANA is about to take over!
Ulrich! What are you doing?
I've just got one last little thing to…
[grunts]
…take care of.
[Ulrich groans]
[chuckles]
[XANA exclaims]
[XANA yelling]
[Ulrich yells]
All done, Jeremy.
[Jeremy] Make it back, now!
Ah!
-[Ulrich groans]
-[Tarantula growls]
Ulrich!
[sighs]
[tense music]
Odd?
[gasping]
[Yumi] Odd!
Yumi! I'm here!
[Odd] Yoohoo!
-[Odd] Yumi!
-[gasps] Odd?
Odd?
[straining]
[gasps]
[gasping]
[Yumi straining] Odd!
[groans]
XANA is about to steal all my data!
We're done for.
[Aelita] Hey.
What's going on?
Aelita?
[Aelita] I don't get it! It looks like
XANA has lost control of the tower.
[gasps]
Franz Hopper!
Franz Hopper's helping us!
What's going on on your side?
The decoding program is going full speed!
[both gasp]
[straining]
[gasps]
No girl's ever kept me waiting that long!
[both laugh]
[both] Huh?
[howls]
Amazing!
Yumi?
I've got Odd. How about you?
[laughs]
We're decoding Franz Hopper's diary!
[theme music]
Franz Hopper was the creator of XANA.
In his diary, he wrote down
everything that happened
during the creation of Lyoko.
Everything.
That means that you'll
be able to find the antivirus!
Yes, it does.
But there's something more.
What?
Come on! Spit it out!
Well,
before Franz Hopper
virtualized himself on Lyoko
and being taken prisoner by XANA,
he lived on Earth!
We already knew that!
Yes, but what we didn't know,
was that he had a child.
A little girl.
[gasps]
Really? What became of her?
He virtualized her on Lyoko
at the same time as himself!
And? Did she fall victim to XANA, too?
No.
She stayed on Lyoko.
[gasps]
But that's impossible!
If Hopper's daughter were on Lyoko,
I would have definitely known.
I…
[gasps]
Huh?
I'm… not…
[gasps]
[theme music]